Release 220.0.0 (#4798)
MetaMask/core: packages/json-rpc-engine/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [10.0.0]

### Fixed

> - Update `@metamask/rpc-errors` from `^6.3.1` to `^7.0.0` ([#4773](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4773))
>   - **BREAKING**: This changes the top-level error message of serialized internal JSON RPC errors to contain the actual error message, as opposed to the fixed string `Internal JSON-RPC Error.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: Bump `@metamask/rpc-errors` from `^6.3.1` to `^7.0.0` ([#4773](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4773))
  - This modifies the top-level error message for serialized internal JSON-RPC errors to include the actual error message, instead of the generic `Internal JSON-RPC Error.` string.
```
